going on YouTube I'm just gonna show you
a couple of pictures off John over the
years they're all dragons well one of
them isn't but I just want you to write
in comment is you're all done by me I've
done I've done I did all of these with
mechanical pencils so I almost mess with
charcoal or color but there are two two
of them that I that I painted so and no
I did not draw these out of the top of
my head I did get them off of Google so
don't think that I'm set on saying that
these are my my masterpieces but they're
not I just copy them over I don't trace
just let you know on rahat right-handed
some of y'all might have seen these
pictures already some of these off it
only took me about two hours two to
three hours to complete
yeah american dragon this is the only
one i've done out of the top of my head
this one actually came from my mind so
you will not find this anywhere else and
I better not see y'all taking this off
YouTube insane as years because if
there's my signature here the ones like
painted same guy this one came out sup
in my head I didn't copy it from another
picture although I did copy the
character same character different year
leave it only to that I've actually
painted and I copied this off a picture
I'm not saying it's mine so yeah great
and comment tell me what you think and
subscribe if you want thanks